Adding info about drag and drop (#9703)
flutter/website: src/ui/interactivity/drag-outside.md

---
title: Drag outside an app
description: How to drag from an app to another app or the operating system.
---

You will likely want to implement
drag and drop somewhere in your app.

You have a couple potential approaches
that you can take. One directly uses
Flutter widgets and the other uses a package
available on pub.dev.

## Draggable and DragTarget

If you want to implement drag and drop within
your application, you can use the <code>Draggable</code>
widget. For insight into this approach, see
the [Drag a UI element within an app][] recipe.

An advantage of using <code>Draggable</code>
and <code>DragTarget</code> is that you can supply
Dart code to decide whether to accept a drop.

[Drag a UI element within an app]: {{site.url}}/cookbook/effects/drag-a-widget

## super_drag_and_drop package

If you want to implement drag and drop within
your application and <i>also</i> between your
application and another (possibly non-Flutter) app,
check out the [super_drag_and_drop][] package.

To avoid implementing two styles of drag and drop,

> you can supply "local data" to the package to be

Reviewer: Maybe add a link to the external API docs for local data? https://pub.dev/documentation/super_drag_and_drop/latest/super_drag_and_drop/DragItem/localData.html

dragged within your app.

Another difference between this approach and
using <code>Draggable</code> directly,
is that you must tell the package up front

> what data your app accepts because the platforms
> need to know synchronously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
what data your app accepts because the platform
APIs need to be responded to synchronously, which doesn't
allow  an asynchronous response from the framework.
```
